[narrator] It is said that
every several hundred years,
the goddess Athena
is reincarnated.
And now a new Athena
has been born into this world,
but, this time,
under a dark prophecy
that she will lead
mankind to ruin.
The warriors who protected
the goddess Athena
were known as Knights.
Today, a new generation
of Knights
control the fate of the world.
They are called
the Knights of the Zodiac.
["Pegasus Seiya" playing]
♪ Hold it in your heart ♪
♪ Cosmo is a part of you ♪
♪ Burning hot, gotta flow
Don’t you stop it, let it go ♪
♪ Prophesies are made
And galaxies are far from here ♪
♪ But you don’t need them now
Stay strong and believe what you feel ♪
♪ Pegasus, this destiny
No one can take it away from you ♪
♪ Now your home is the sky
And your dreams are the wings ♪
♪ They’re gonna take you high ♪
♪ Saint Seiya ♪
♪ Signs out there keep calling ♪
♪ Forever
We will stand with you ‘til the end ♪
♪ Ooh, yeah ♪
♪ They say that
All boys are born true fighters ♪
♪ Remember you can do this
Then fly away ♪
[music ends]
[narrator]
Previously on Saint Seiya...
[Mylock] Guraad's forces
are going to kill you.
Don't let them get their hands
on the Gold Armor.
[Shaun] Impossible.
Nero?
-[grunts]
-[groans]
[Seiya] Shaun!
[Nero] I'm not dead, little sister,
but soon you will be.
Shaun!
Are you okay?
It's my brother, Nero.
[Knights gasp]
[Seiya] He's your brother?
Why would your brother
come here to kill you?!
But it has to be him.
Weakling. I see
you haven't changed at all.
Nero, it's you!
I'm right! I knew it!
You tried to kill
your own sister?!
Fools! I don't give a damn
about my whiny little sister.
I don't give a damn
about any of you.
I'm only here for one thing,
the Gold Armor.
Give that back! It's not yours!
Well, then why don't you
come over here and take it?
You don't scare me.
[Long] Careful, Seiya.
You can feel the hate radiating off
of Phoenix Nero.
Hate doesn't equal power.
Besides, there are three of us
and only one of him.
Four of us.
But, Shaun...
[Shaun] It's okay. He's changed.
He's not the same person
he used to be.
I don't plan on fighting him,
but I can stop him.
I'm sure my chains can do that.
[chuckles]
I'll fight all four of you
together, if you like.
Easier for me
to kill you all at once.
You wouldn't dare.
It seems
he's underestimating us.
[growls]
[Knights grunt]
[yells]
[Knights groaning]
I've heard about the Pegasus,
but now that I see you
in person, quite frankly,
I'm disappointed.
After all, Guraad got too old
waiting around
for a loser like you.
What the--
You were wrong.
My hate is my power.
[Seiya] What just happened?
[Magnus]
We got run over by a truck.
-[soldier] There they are!
-[Knights] Huh?
[Magnus] We're in trouble again.
We have to get that armor back.
I gave Sienna my word.
[Magnus] We can't go after the
Gold Armor if we're captured.
We need to get to
the rendezvous point. Let's go!
What does it matter if I'm safe
if the Gold Sagittarius Armor's gone?
It was the only memento left
by my grandfather and Aiolos,
and you let it get stolen?
You promised you'd never
let them take the Armor.
But it was taken
by Shaun's brother.
He's working for Guraad.
Are you not telling us
the whole story?
You knew my brother was alive,
but never told me!
Yes, I suspected
Phoenix Nero was alive,
but I didn't know
for certain. No one did.
[Seiya sighs]
I don't know
why my master, Marin,
wanted me in this tournament
in the first place.
First we were asked to break
the rules of Knighthood,
and now we're being asked
to risk our lives
to fetch the Gold Armor?
Very well.
I won't ask you to do this.
This is my fight.
I'll get
the Gold Armor back myself.
No, Sienna. You wait here.
I'll get the Gold Armor back.
Magnus? You're willing
to fight for Sienna?
But why?
Because I know the truth.
Sienna is
the reincarnated Athena.
[Knights gasp]
I didn't come here
to win some Armor.
Sanctuary sent me
to this tournament
to assassinate Sienna
and kill the rest of you.
[Mylock grunts]
[Seiya] You gotta be kidding me.
If she's Athena,
then why in the hell
is Sanctuary trying to kill her?
They're supposed
to protect her.
Athena was reincarnated
with a dark prophecy.
It says that, this time,
Athena will lose the war
against the other gods
and will lead humanity
to its destruction.
[gasps]
[Magnus] The Master of Sanctuary
struggled with what to do.
Eventually he decided
that to save mankind,
they would kill Athena,
battle the gods themselves,
protect the human race,
and stop the gods
from interfering
in the human world forever.
That's why they asked me
to assassinate our goddess
and her supporters.
And I was going to do it...
but I couldn't.
I never wanted
to destroy humanity,
and I never will.
I will prove
that the prophecy is wrong.
You can feel it.
You know it's true.
At first, I didn't understand
why Master Dohko sent me here,
but I believed
there was a good reason.
If Sienna is the real Athena,
then that's why he sent me.
So this is what "axia" means.
Magnus, Long,
I'm coming with you.
-[Marin] Go to the tournament.
-[gasps]
It will all
make sense in the end.
That's why Marin sent me here.
She knew the truth.
You are Athena.
That's why I'm here,
so I could become a real Knight.
[Marin] It is said that
when the world is in chaos,
hope will appear
in the form of warriors
called Knights.
Right Ones,
Will you swear to protect Athena
from her enemies
by always being kind
to the weak...
by standing brave
against the strong,
by becoming her shield
when necessary,
by becoming her weapon
when necessary
with your own body and soul?
[Knights] I will.
Then I now hereby designate you
as Knights of Athena.
I call upon you to uphold
your dignity, respect courtesy,
and always act
with humanity and justice.
[helicopter whirring]
[beeps]
Relax, Guraad.
You worry too much.
I can't relax,
not until I get the Gold Armor.
Now tell me you have it.
I knew I could count on you.
Now just as we planned,
get going as fast as you can.
I've got it. To the volcano,
where I complete
your little pods for you.
I wish I could be there
to do it myself,
but a human like me
without Armor can't do the job.
Like I said,
you worry too much.
Huh? Gah!
-[alarm blaring]
-What's wrong?
Pegasus Ryu-Sei-Ken!
There.
-[footsteps echo]
-[gasps]
[chuckles]
Give the Gold Armor back, Nero!
I should have killed you
earlier, Seiya.
[fluid bubbling]
[gasps]
You were no match
when it was just me.
What hope do you have now?
These are the Black Knights.
To become a Bronze Knight,
you had to go
to a remote island
and battle others,
others with the ability
to use Cosmo.
You left defeated fighters
in your wake.
They had nowhere to go,
no reason to be,
until Vander Guraad
gave them one.
[Guraad] The Black Knights
will protect humanity
against the gods.
We don't need Athena anymore.
We control our own destiny,
and now humans are able
to fight back against the gods.
[Seiya] I feel sorry for you, Nero.
These Black Knights
may stand with you,
but they're not your friends.
Friends? Ridiculous!
[groaning]
And still you won't run? Fool.
Stick to the mission.
We don't want
to keep Guraad waiting.
[groans]
Seiya doesn't know
when to give up.
You got your wish. Enjoy.
[growls]
[grunts]
[Shaun] There's
no sign of Seiya,
Nero, or the Gold Armor.
I'm sensing Seiya's Cosmo.
but I feel the presence
of something else,
Nero's hate.
[Magnus] If Seiya and Nero went this way,
they're not alone.
-[Black Knight] You look terrible, Seiya.
-[gasps]
Then again, you've always
been a wimpy-looking runt.
[Seiya gasps]
[Seiya] Do I know you?
[gasps] Cassios!
You remember me.
You remember how you beat me...
[no audible dialogue]
[Cassios] ...how you took
the Pegasus Armor,
the Armor that
should have been mine.
After our battle,
I went berserk
until Vander Guraad gave me
the chance to do something.
To sell your soul
to become a Black Knight?
I was supposed
to win the Armor,
but you cheated me
and ruined my life and destiny!
I won the armor
fair and square, Cassios.
Well, I'm taking it back.
Over my dead body.
Exactly.
-[yells]
-[groans]
[grunts]
I've also learned a few things.
Onyx Ryu-Sei-Ken!
[yells]
[chuckles]
I don't understand, Cassios.
You had ambitions and dreams
of becoming
one of Athena's Knights.
Why would you leave that behind?
[scoffs] Ambitions and dreams?
My ambitions and dreams died
when you humiliated me
in front of Shaina.
She wouldn't even
look at me anymore.
Well, she'll notice me again
after I kill you.
-That's not going to happen, Cassios!
-Hah!
Onyx Ryu-Sei-Ken!
[yells]
Cassios, There's something wrong
with your armor!
It looks like it's gonna
explode! You've got to stop!
I won't stop until I kill you!
[yells]
Cassios, stop!
Onyx Ryu-Sei-Ken!
Pegasus Ryu-Sei-Ken!
[yelling]
Cassios!
[groaning]
[grunts]
[groans]
You lose.
Cassios...
you were better than this.
You were a true warrior.
[groans]
[pendant clinking]
-[Shaun] Wait.
-[Magnus] What is it?
I sense Seiya's Cosmo,
but it's weak.
So can I.
[Shaun gasps]
Seiya!
[Shaun] Seiya.
Shaun.
[sighs] Glad to see
you're still alive.
Forget about me. Go find them.
You're talking nonsense.
You really think we'd leave you
behind in a place like this?
Yeah. We swore an oath
of Athena's Knights, remember?
And because
we're Athena's Knights,
we need to follow her orders
and get back the Gold Armor.
If we lose Nero now,
we may not get another chance.
We can't fail Athena.
[gasps]
[Seiya] I'll be fine.
Go find Nero.
Since that's what Athena ordered
and since you saved my life,
we'll leave you here,
but don't die on us.
I'm not gonna die.
[Shaun] We can take care
of the rest of this.
Do you think
he's gonna make it?
-[Long] Maybe. Maybe not.
-[coughing]
But we need to move now,
find Nero,
and get back the Gold Armor.
[Magnus] This must have been
the guy who fought Seiya.
What the hell happened here?
[footsteps echoing]
[Long] Footprints,
a lot of them,
too many to be
just one person.
-[chain rattling]
-Trouble!
It's not Phoenix Nero.
We'd feel his hate
if it was him.
This is something else,
but just as evil.
Guys, look at
what they're wearing.
This isn't going to be easy.
And who are
you guys meant to be?
[Black Knight]
You're not going any further.
Where did you get that armor?
What does it matter?
We don't have time for this.
Lúshān shēnglóng bà!
Diamond Dust!
-What?
-They absorbed our attacks?
-Onyx Bomber!
[both groan]
I don't think
you can absorb this!
Nebula Chain!
Onyx Shield!
Impossible.
[energy surges]
[groans]
Your attacks won't work on us.
What do we do?
There must be some way
to defeat them.
Stay calm, and focus.
Don't stop now!
We're still having fun!
Looks like they're not going
to let us stay calm or focus.
[Long] Spread out!
[grunting]
[Shaun in thought]
We have to do something.
There has to be some way to...
[gasps]
That might be it.
Nebula Chain!
Useless attack. Onyx Shield!
[yelps]
[groaning]
I was right.
What's going on?
Shaun, they're going after you!
Their weak point is the back
of their necks! Aim for it!
Onyx Bomber!
[groans]
[Long gasps]
[Long] They're targeting us
one by one!
What Shaun said, she was right.
So who's next?
[yells]
It's me!
Long!
Even if we know where to target,
we still can't--
[groans]
Long!
Don't worry about him.
You should worry about yourself!
[groans]
[gasps] Damn it!
And now playtime is over.
[breathing heavily]
[yells]
[screams]
[Black Knight] What the...
[Long] Shaun.
You let your guard down
too early.
Playtime's not over yet.
I'm gonna finish you now.
[gasps]
[grunts]
-Shaun!
-Do it!
You weakling!
Nebula Chain!
[both screaming]
[panting]
[Shaun] Thank you, Seiya.
You helped us figure it out.
We won again,
because we fought as a team.
But this was the easy part.
We still have to face
Phoenix Nero.
[Nero] You're right.
[explosion]
[energetic music playing]
["Somebody New" playing]
♪ Believe me, I'm speechless ♪
♪ I wish that I could say those words ♪
♪ You whispered so sweetly ♪
♪ And maybe I'll regret this
but I've gotta be honest ♪
♪ Cause we made a promise,
I won't break it now ♪
♪ I wish I could hold you ♪
♪ But how could I be so unfair ♪
♪ To lead us to nowhere? ♪
♪ We've both been down that road before ♪
♪ And if it should end us
please know that I'm helpless ♪
♪ I've made up my mind ♪
♪ It's not that I don't feel
the feelings you do ♪
♪ It's just my heart's not ready yet ♪
♪ For something so soon, yeah ♪
♪ For somebody new ♪